my first daily blog whoo I'm here's
Libby she would are you like my creative
residency liliane's
yeah you Liz we're on the way to shoot
with the amazing Mike Montero and it's
not charade that created life and then
yeah hang on San Francisco it's
beautiful here
beautiful so if you could tell will to
get some hook to go watch the fat
creative life episode what would you say
and she's gonna give us a little tour of
the mule shot let's do it all right here
is New York gallery and that space where
we
music shows and lectures are we going to
have a book party in the fall we do a
bunch of stuff here besides having part
up all the time it's hard at work
I love the bouncy ball
Wow injury oh this is a real we do
workshops hard at work hustling I love
all the Legos so where did where did the
Lego thing come from just like as a
family that's amazing
he has built a lot of these kids we call
this the Evita balcony because it can
favorite record ever minuteman double
nickels on the done love it
well thanks for giving me a tour
what so this morning went from zero to
100 real quick got here in San Francisco
like 2:00 a.m. last night I had to
finish the branding video that's now up
didn't sleep a lot went to go feeling
that creative life Mike is a dope dude
but let's chat a little bit this is my
first daily vlog I daily vlog now how
exciting
of course is every vlog you know I hope
to change it up with what you're seeing
who knows what is in store but that's
what's exciting about daily vlogging I I
was terrified of it for a long time and
then I kind of thought about it and I
was like okay it's kind of cool that it
terrifies me because it's something that
is new and something that does kind of
scare me but it's fun because it's like
making something every day connecting
with you guys hanging out with you in my
social medias and down on the comments
below and stuff and on the other side of
things you know I'm always wanting to
grow my audience grow my internet family
and so I see daily vlogging as a way to
grow that and develop that relationship
so I'm excited I think I've said I'm
excited like too many times probably but
I'm excited do we need some type of
outro for this or if you have any ideas
let me know and also if you're new
around here I just made a video called
fill my life it kind of explains Who I
am the context of what I'm doing in life
and so you can check that out and guys I
will see you tomorrow internet fan and
then the next day and then the next day
and the next day and then I might I'll
probably see you on the weekend too for
a that creative life episode exciting
time to be alive exciting time all
righty bye bye fam bye bye
adios muchachos nyeeehhh
bye-bye stay peachy did that work
State sports technology and music have
always been a huge part of my life
I was kind of a hyper kid in elementary
average when it came to school and
always playing football with the boys
during recess